# SVG Logo Maker


## Description

This simple, command-line program creates a properly formatted logo.svg file based on user responses to terminal prompts using the Inquirer npm.

This project challenged me greatly to begin using my recently learned knowledge of command-line programs using Javascript, Node.js, Classes,and NPMs, as well as requiring me to teach myself proper SVG file formatting from scratch


## Installation

To use this program on your computer, follow these steps:

1 - Ensure Node.js is installed on your local computer.

2 - Using VS Code, pull the index.js file from this GitHub repo into a directory on your local computer

3 - In VS Code, right-click on the diretory where the index.js file is located and select "Open in Integrated Terminal".

4 - On the command line, type "npm init" and then hit Enter.

5 - On the command line, type "npm install --save inquirer@^8.2.4" and then hit Enter. Wait while your computer downloads the older version of Inquirer npm and its corresponding modules.



## Usage

After completing the installation steps above, to generate your SVG logo file, follow these steps:

1 - On the command line, type "node index.js" and then hit Enter.

2 - Type or select answers to each of the command line prompts that appear followed by the Enter key to generate the content for your SVG logo file.

3 - After submitting your response to the last question, the program will write a new file named "logo.svg" to the same directory.

4 - Right-click on that file and select "Open Preview" to view your new SVG logo in the VS Code previewer. **Note that this will require a VS Code Extension available at the following URL:

https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jock.svg



## Appearance

Visit the following Google Drive link to watch a screencast of this program's functionality:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lbkbqyHew3XV7Tu5oX-NmumAXhinN7hn/view


You can also preview a sample logo already generated by this application by previewing the file in this repo named "sample_logo.svg" in Visual Studio Code or another compatible application.


## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Peej D

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
